#####################
La Licencia MIT (MIT)
#####################

*****************************************************
Copyright (c) 2014 - 2015, Jose Wilson Capera Castaño
*****************************************************

Se concede permiso, de forma gratuita, a cualquier persona que obtenga una copia
de este software y archivos de documentación asociada (el "Software"), para
tratar el Software sin restricciones, incluso sin limitación del derecho para
usar, copiar, modificar, fusionar, publicar, distribuir, sub-licenciar y/o
vender copias del Software, permitiendo hacer esto, bajo a las siguientes
condiciones:

El aviso de copyright anterior y este aviso de permiso se incluirán en todas
las copias o partes sustanciales del Software.

EL SOFTWARE SE PROPORCIONA "TAL CUAL", SIN GARANTÍA DE NINGÚN TIPO, EXPRESA O
IMPLÍCITAS, INCLUYENDO PERO NO LIMITANDO A LAS GARANTÍAS DE COMERCIALIZACIÓN,
IDONEIDAD PARA UN PROPÓSITO PARTICULAR Y NO INFRACCIÓN. EN NINGÚN CASO, LOS
AUTORES O TITULARES DEL COPYRIGHT SERÁN RESPONSABLES DE NINGUNA RECLAMACIÓN,
DAÑOS U OTRA RESPONSABILIDAD, YA SEA EN UNA ACCIÓN DE CONTRATO, AGRAVIO O
CUALQUIER OTRO MOTIVO, EN RELACIÓN CON EL SOFTWARE, EL USO U OTROS TRATOS DEL
SOFTWARE.

*******************************************************************
Copyright (c) 2014 - 2015, British Columbia Institute of Technology
*******************************************************************

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.